From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, The Nerdist Theater, Carmen Town is now at
the end of the season.
Thank you for coming to the show I'm doing.
All right, so yeah, my therapist, she recommended a book for me and then she didn't tell me,
she just told me the title and then I got it and then the guy started talking and it's
an ADD book.
I think I might be in the verge of a diagnosis.
But she didn't want to, you could tell because I was like, you want to recommend any other
books?
And she's like, just let me know how this one goes.
But I think like she's very begrudging like, because you know, I'm a self-diagnoser, right?
I think she like wanted to put the kibosh on that right away.
She's like, you're not fucking autistic.
You poser.
And I am and I'm from like, like it's hard to pay attention to this book about ADD.
It's hard to, it literally honestly looks like it's not even a joke because the guy
that wrote it as ADD and he's a doctor that diagnoses it, which makes you think like, wait,
is this like the stuff with Garrett Morris?
Is it just a thing that like spreads?
He's looking up the blob like, like, like, but, but the, the, but just I got to calm
down because here's the thing.
Okay.
The beginning of the book, it even went, so, hey, how's it going?
Hey guys, the beginning of the book went so far as to say ADD people have a hard time
finishing books and this book was made with that in mind.
But with that in mind, they did not go that extra mile to make it accessible to ADD people.
I don't think it was very slow paced.
Well, there's like a great way to get away with writing a shitty book.
There's two, there's two versions of the book that when I look on audio books, it's called
driven to distraction or not driven to distraction delivered from distraction.
The former is like a Harlequin romance novel.
If you get the name of your ADD book wrong, you might have ADD.
But there's a, there's two versions and there were the slightly different colored cover
and one is three hours and one is 12 hours.
And then I, I could only get the three hour one in because I wasn't on Wi-Fi.
And then he begins, he says like, this is the three hour version because you have ADD.
But then also in addition to that, very boring, very boring book.
Yeah.
And you're an Adderall user, enthusiast.
And I thought, illegitimately, but imagine my surprise to find out I'm on medication.
But the people I know that actually have that are diagnosed with ADD or ADHD that, and they
take Adderall, they don't get like a beat that actually just restores their memory.
Having listened to 15 minutes of this 12 hour audio book, I can tell you there's a lot of
misconceptions.
First of all, it's a, it's everybody's different.
That's what you'll hear about.
Everything.
It's like, it should be called attention fluctuation disorder if it was going to be like named
in a way that would help you like this.
People have hyper focus that have ADD.
People have, are easily distracted like, like, like, like, you know, they're just scattered.
They're just, you just, it's like, it's kind of, you know, it's, it's all over the place.
You have hyper empathy, you have, you're, it, there's just a lot of overlap with things
that you could see, like you could diagnose somebody being bipolar, like a lot of their,
a lot of the things like you can both bipolar people and ADD people, they, you, you, they
could behave feel identically in certain situations.
Like at certain times you'd be like, oh, that person's bipolar or vice, or ADD and you could
be, it could be the other thing because like both of those categories, you could, in spite
of all outward empirical evidence that you've, you're doing fine, you could feel like you're
a piece of shit and you need to just eat a bucket of shit and jump off a roof.
Like ADD people can feel that way.
And then the other thing that I thought was really valuable to know, which I should have
just Googled in the first place, because you just, you always sit around and ask this stuff
and you never look it up, ADHD versus ADD.
It's not, it's not like ADD and then you add an H, they changed the name.
They changed the name to ADHD.
You can have a form of ADHD in which you're not hyperactive.
It's called ADHD minus the H. They don't call it ADD.
They changed the name.
There's some clinicians that continue to do it.
The new DSM changed it a lot.
That's why autism is, or no, that's why Asperger's is now just part of autism.
It's like the same.
Yeah.
It's exciting stuff.
It's super exciting, super exciting stuff.
What do you think your, your hyper thing is?
What do you hyper about?
Oh, I don't know.
Well, I was, look, I don't, I don't got nothing until somebody tells me I do.
But, but you, but you want it though.
You're excited about a diagnosis.
No, I want, I want cheap Adderall and I got that because I told the pharmacist from Yelp
that I had trouble watching movies or something.
I don't remember what he asked.
He asked three questions and said, you definitely have ADD, which I know you're never supposed
to say you definitely have anything as a doctor.
So, but he, I found him on Yelp, but I, what, what, what I have, okay, here's some things
that I have that I'm, I'd be relieved to learn were symptomatic.
I have a very, very, and, and, and not because they would excuse the behavior because they
would help me, they would empower me to go like, I got to work on that.
You know, it's a, I just have a really hard time being interrupted.
You may notice that sometimes I snap at you a little bit if I'm in the middle of like a
point or something.
It reminds me of the story.
Like, fuck, I'm trying to talk.
Easy, easy joke.
We rehearsed that backstage.
But if I could be in the middle of a tweet, like a fucking dumb observation that Trump
is a dick or something like, and, and, and my girlfriend could come over and I'm like,
I'm tweeting.
I'm in the middle of a tweet and I'm like trying to reword like, or I could be in the
middle of a thought or let alone like, then you bring like addictive things like Minecraft
or something into that, like, or if I'm in the middle of a train of thought, even though
I just ramble, I don't have, I don't have a right to be upset when people interrupt
me.
I would never stop talking if nobody interrupted me.
But interruption is like, I have a harder, I get distracted and I'll either go like,
wait, what, what, what, like, you know, like, like, like, or, or I'll, I'll like pretend
I'm listening.
I'm like, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I'll be burping while I'm talking and, and the
person will think I'm listening to them and I'm not, you know, it's a kind of like a hyper
focus is what that is, I think, and like, so knowing that you have that, you go like,
okay, I'm going to work on that, you know, and there's like things I'm excited to learn
about called like a interactive metronome or something like that.
I don't know.
It sounds like some kind of sounds fun.
There's like treatments.
You can treat yourself, you know, I think everybody should, if when we go to the moon,
we should all treat ourselves.
Here's what we're going to do.
We're going to treat ourselves in both sense of the words.
We're going to all, everyone, everyone's personality is going to be a disease.
You, you, you, what's your name, sir?
Tom.
Tom, you have Tomism.
You, you are, you have, you have hyper Tom disorder or, or, or, or, or inappropriate
Tom, Tom disorder, like, you, you, you, you are Tom, but that doesn't mean you get to
just run around barfing on people and going, oh, but Tom, that's how Tom rolls.
It's an invitation for other people to accept who you are.
Oh, that's Tom.
He has Tomism, and then also the other side is you got to be, they're going to do that
because they think that when you go home, you're like, you, you owe it to them to be
like, fucking, fucking Tomism, I got to work on this shit until I'm, until I'm like, I
don't know.
What do you think of the noticeable symptoms of Tomism?
Uh, do they polite smirk, you know, uh, we, we, we, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
futuristic members only, uh, windbreaker and, uh, general handsomeness and, uh, uh, latent
hoodie, latent, latent hoodie, uh, tendencies.
Yeah.
Not, not sure if there's a hood or not, uh, could, could just be, uh, doing equipment
back there.
Yeah.
Okay.
What am I?
An insult comic?
I'm going to make fun of you.
You called, you called his name a disease.
You know what I was doing.
I know.
It was, it was, what I was doing was beautiful.
It's a beautiful idea.
Everyone's, you know, and this is another thing.
Now I know whenever I share beautiful things with you guys and I sense that you guys don't
appreciate me enough, it's just the disease.
It's you guys aren't assholes.
I used to think, I used to think I was a piece of shit and that you guys are making me feel
that way.
And then like, like I would go home and I'd go, that audience, I love them, but we got
to, we got to figure this shit out.
But now I know it's just all in my head.
Like you're just a bunch of people sitting around.
Who knows what you're thinking.
They're all just, they all have diseases.
Yeah.
You're, you're Mary, Mary, Mary, Maryitis and Ralphists.
Let's, let's put the, let's put, let's put the pressure of entertainment tonight on
some, on some wonderful guests.
Huh?
Who do we got?
Oh God.
Damn it.
I don't know their human names.
I only know where they're from.
Oh, Sarah and Beth.
I am talking about Sarah and Beth.
Okay.
Do you know where they're from?
They're from a really celebrated, a hot, awesome web site.
But shouldn't we know their last names, should we introduce them with, by their last names
too before we say?
I think that would only be professional, yes.
But I don't have them.
So where did you do that?
Hold on.
I'm just going to pull up.
Let's get it.
Okay.
Here we go.
No, I don't.
I don't know.
I'm going to be honest because I have ADD and I have, like, don't worry about me.
Folks, please welcome Beth Newell and Sarah Popolardo from Reductress.
All right.
Yeah.
So, so, uh, all right.
So, Reductress is a, do you want us to say it?
Yeah.
No, no, no.
Let me take a shot.
It'll be funny.
Okay.
Yeah.
Reductress is a parody satirical web news site with a feminist point of view, but it
could be satirizing both the feminist point of view and the world around us.
It's, you know?
Yeah.
I would say that's like, that's an A minus.
That's good.
Yeah.
In a world where there's such a thing as web news and we're all getting our news from
the web, and I don't know why Clickhole is not more popular, like it's one of the old
few, like, like, like attempts in a post newspaper world where we all recognize that the onion
was doing something important.
And then the web became like this horrible cesspool and comedy seemed to just, like,
that onion instinct seemed to just go like, like, like, or maybe there's not enough demand
for it, like the Clickhole should be, it should be more powerful, people should be constantly
like, oh, I'm so happy that someone's pointing out how Clickhole is pointing out how we're
all fucked.
Yeah.
I don't think, I don't think most of the world knows how fucked up the internet is yet.
So they don't even understand what Clickhole is doing.
It's really hard to satirize garbage.
Yeah.
It parenties itself.
Are you guys, you guys seem like you're probably a little younger than me.
I don't see any, I'm not going to objectify you, but you, you seem smooth and, uh...
Thank you.
Dan, Dan, they are certainly younger than you.
Do you have opinions?
Do you think that it's, it's hot?
No.
As a woman?
No, absolutely not.
Do young women still have opinions?
Do you have opinions about generational stuff versus like, uh, relationship with irony?
Do you think, like, I'm 44, I've sat up here a lot and said, like, I don't think the kids
are, I don't think they get irony as much.
Oh, really?
Because when we talk to our parents, we're like, we don't think they get what we're doing.
Yeah.
No, they don't see irony at all.
But everyone thought that irony was dead when Obama got elected.
I don't think it went anywhere.
We still have it.
Right.
So, is it, is it, I mean, do you guys tweet and stuff?
Do you ever tweet bits?
Yeah.
Do you, do you find, like, like, then people tweet back, like, if you tweeted, like, I'm
trying to think of a, just a simple example.
Oh, like, you make a joke that's a question and someone answers the question as they want
it.
Or you make a joke that's like pointing out, you're like, boy, I can't believe Tom Cruise
didn't do this.
And then someone will, it's going to go like, well, that's because he's a celebrity.
Yeah.
And, and, and, or, or, or, or they'll kind of like, they'll just repeat your joke.
They'll be like, for that matter, I can't believe Tom Cruise didn't do that.
And it'll be like, that was my bit, you dig?
That's when, that's when I wonder if they're actually more ironically detached than me.
Like they're doing a bit that's just more irritating than my bit.
I would say what you're talking about women and minorities get at like times 10 on Twitter
because people are just like, I don't think they know what they're saying.
Let me explain it to them.
Oh yeah.
Well, also there's the whole thing of, and I promise I'm not white knighting by saying
this, I think this is fucking fascinating.
I just, we spend half of our time saying, wanting to debate whether women are funny.
And then the other half of the time when women, the funny women who like therefore say things
that are crazy, sometimes that are a little inappropriate, we fuck it like, come on.
We clamp down on them like harder than any dude, right?
I mean, you're biased, probably you're women, but you, but you noticed that, right?
Like, like the, the, the, but is it, do you get, okay, here's, here's a question.
Now, as, as women that are doing comedy, are you guys of the camp of like, oh, suck it
up, buttercup, because we want to be judged on how funny we are, or are you of the camp
of like, Jesus Christ, people need to realize that the perception is all out of whack.
I don't want to give you that choice.
Why is there a dichotomy?
The second choice?
I would say it's a little bit of both.
Like on the one hand, I don't want to be judged because like, oh, I'm a woman, like, like my,
my work, because I'm a woman, I want to be judged for what I actually make.
But at the same time, it is fucking hard for women to do this, because it always becomes
about like, how did you do it?
Like you don't see male comedians memoirs, the way that you see like Amy Schumer and
everyone, because everyone's just like, way more obsessed with how did they do it?
Like, how did they claw their way out of that womanly pile of garbage?
Well, for sure.
Jim Belushi, like, wrote a book and said that when he was six years old, he put, he found
a, a, a piece of gravel up his little brother's ass, like, like, that wouldn't be coming up
over and over again and every critique of everything he said on the internet.
Plus you, you're an incestuous pedophile, you found gravel up your little brother's
butt.
It'd be like, no, it's Jim Belushi.
It's his book.
He probably didn't even write it.
And like, like, like, like, like, like, I'd say other than Lena Dunham is a, is a tremendously
entertaining person to me.
She's like, like, she's not a senator.
She doesn't, she doesn't, she's not going to say shit that's like, whatever, why, I'm
not trying to kiss your ass, I'm not, I don't view you as being part of a biomass with Lena
Dunham.
Trying to put rocks in my ass.
Come on.
Come on, Harmon.
Get your shit together.
Get your shit.
You got, you got 20 minutes left to prove to these women that you're a feminist.
The meter is running.
You're waiting.
Tick-tock.
Now, I'm kind of like, like, like in a more general sense, pulling, pulling, pulling back
to just doing your, your, your, your, on a website, your parodying a cesspool, which
parodies itself.
Do you guys have any, are you guys like the head honchos at Reductress?
Yeah.
So do you guys, and did you, you, you started it as partners?
You just said, let's fucking do this.
Did you have to seek out investors?
I just got distracted by a whole line of questioning, but go with it.
We've been bootstrapping.
Yeah.
So we've just been like doing it hand to mouth for a few years.
Do you monetize?
We do monetize.
I don't know if you noticed though, the internet is a shit place to make money, so we make
money doing other stuff, like events and, uh, uh, podcast as well, and, and more.
But you saw advertising and stuff?
Yeah.
Uh, the, the, okay.
So now, getting back to, so when you sat down and said, this is worth trying, it's going
to be brutal because there's no way to monetize it.
It's going to fucking suck.
Uphill battle.
Do you have a, did you, do you have like a, a comedic commission statement that makes
sense?
Is that a question?
Is that a comedic?
Uh, mission statement was mostly just like women's media sucks and it doesn't represent
us and we're smarter than this.
Talk about the landscape unless it's going to get you in trouble, uh, like express that
frustration.
Like, like when you look at the, the pre-reductors landscape of women's comedy, like what do
you see the sins being?
I mean, I think the big one was the way that women's, women's magazines talk down to women
and use fear and insecurity to make them buy things ultimately.
And then later on we started seeing empowerment marketing, like the dove ads, also, uh, using
empowerment and feminism in order to sell things.
So it basically all revolves around that.
What are examples of that that we're not the, the, just like, like what woke me up more
like, like, if I see a thing and I'm a guy and I see something and it's like, uh, high
five this woman for doing this or like, like, I often, sometimes I see things and I think
in the back of my head, I'm like, I'm like, that's fucking dumb.
Like, like, like, if I were a woman that would make me mad, but then I don't know if it would
make you mad.
It definitely does.
I think that part of the frustration was a lot of men see that and they're like, they
don't think that thing's dumb.
They think women are dumb and like that thing.
That's the fucking, okay.
So we were trying to point that out like, we're like, we don't want this.
Yeah.
We're not in charge of the internet.
That's really that.
That's really blowing my mind.
I never, that's true.
I think, but that's true.
Like you have a tendency to, because we have, we have preconceived like investments emotionally.
We definitely found that out like, like, like that we, no matter who we are, that we had
like, we had stacks of poker chips in this game that we did not, no one ever made us
count.
We were like, so if somebody says, look at this body positive, uh, uh, parade marshal,
uh, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like,
like, episode title.
You're like, you're like, click.
There's things that they, they, they, they're trying to get clicks in those like, so you're
clicking the turnstile that's created, like includes these like attitudes.
So you can say, Charlie Sheen just started a new massage parlor and you're like, okay,
you're only clicking on it if that interests you and it only interests you if a, you're
a big Charlie Sheen fan or a big fan of massage, or if Charlie Sheen's a clown, do you want
to like really, really like get some shit off your chest in the comment section?
And so like the stuff that has to do with women, like it, but like that Charlie Sheen
thing I never think in my head, oh, why is Charlie Sheen making me try to, you know,
why does he want me to think things about him other than he's into massage and is a
good businessman?
I'm going to go disabuse him of that notion.
But if somebody tweets like, oh, Amy Schumer's new music video does this and that, and it's
not, she doesn't get to be in charge of how her joke is being delivered.
And then you go, and you go, I'm going to let this bitch know that women aren't funny.
Thank you.
Yeah, I mean, I, we'll be right back.
I guess I kind of acted like I was teeing you guys up to say something.
No, I mean, I think, I mean, it's interesting because it seems like, you know, Charlie Sheen
amid all of his flaws just exists, like he is objectively existing and yet a woman is
just a thing to place all of your, project all of your fears, insecurities and anger
on too.
Like I don't, it's just seems like it's all our job to have opinions about women, but
it just doesn't work the same way for men.
Do you think that that's not to set you up to sound like a, like, I don't know, not
to set you up to sound anyway, but, but do you think that that is localized culturally,
like chronologically, or do you think that that is like a weird, like, like crazy primate
condition that the, that, that women are scary to men and kind of like, like, and maybe
scary to each other.
And like, there's like this weird flow of energy in that direction.
I think we've been conditioned by media to like fear women, especially if they're in
a position of power.
So like that's all the media we've seen where we see a woman in charge.
She's like a horrible boss and she sucks.
And there's just like no examples out there.
Cause I think with Charlie Sheen, like he can be this garbage mess of a person.
But we love him.
And he, we love him.
And then in five years we could say he like fixed all his problems and people would forgive
him and he'd make a new movie and there'd be some like redemption story.
But if a woman did that, we would always be like, she's a garbage pile.
It's just Lindsay Lohan and then like, she just never comes back and it's sad.
There is a, yeah.
Like I, I can look at myself and feel that like I, like from my twenties, like before
I started like examining that stuff, maybe I like, like it, it's, you're punching down
before you know, you're punching down, like you, because you think you're punching up
because you're a guy and, and like women are just like, they're just important and, and
they didn't buy a ticket to that ride.
And they're also not all the same thing, but to you they are because of your situation
as that combined with, with, with privilege equals like the situation where it's like
you can't get out of the starting gate.
If you were to say, I'm going to be a woman and I'm going to be funny in this way.
And it's like, yeah, why am I explaining this shit to you?
I've only, there was a word for me explaining it to you that.
It does feel like punching up though.
I think when you're taking down a person who's in such a high level of power, like Lena Dunham
and Amy Schumer, they're like so successful.
You're like, I can make fun of them, but then at the same time you're like, as women, it's
like we only got two this year.
You know, like it's like you guys had a lot of, you know, so you're like, oh, you're taking
down our one person.
You know,
I was, I was, I was, I think this is related, I swear to God, I was watching a documentary
about sex dolls and sex robots.
Hear them out, hear them out.
There's a couple of these.
There's a documentary about guys who have their sex dolls.
This was the thing about guys who are dedicated to the dream of inventing sex dolls, the guys
who are engineering them, and the guys who can't wait to be their first customer.
I think I saw that one.
And the thing that I think, I hope I can articulate this with, but, but, because I, I feel like
I noticed this is that like every, even despite the fact that these guys are in their garage,
like making sex dolls, and then the other guys are like, I can't wait to have a sex
robot.
Um, uh, they, when they get to, they, when they grace the topics of like, uh, just sex
in general, even though they're supposed to be deconstructing it with, with pride and
with a lawn, they still go like, you know, as the pelvic thrusts for certain other activities,
if you know what I mean.
Um, and I was like, what do you mean if I know what you mean, this whole thing, there's
a camera crew in your garage, you're making a dickpiston, like that's like, uh, why, just,
just talk like it's NASCAR.
And here's the thing, like, like the, the guys that are waiting for the sex robots who
also talk like that, they go like, like, like, oh, and I'm looking for a certain thing.
If you know what I mean.
And like kind of like for certain visceral topics that wouldn't by nature be offensive,
they like the, the guys that are inventing the sex robots by, by virtue of the fact that
they're making them in their garage and it's hard to make beautiful, uh, things, um, by
scratch, uh, with lumber and nails, um, the, the fucking apple to E have ripped sex robots.
Yeah.
It's like the city to the extent that the sex robots are able to, for instance, move
or talk, all of that budget in your Sim city of like what makes a sex robot, it all goes
away from like physical attractiveness, kind of like it's hard to like, it's already hard
to make a, a thing that looks like a beautiful human being in the first place.
And then these guys are trying to make a thing that like acts right and talks right and goes
like this.
And so, and so, but what I noticed for that reason is that then they would go to these,
these guys who are connoisseurs and pay it forward to connoisseurs of sex robots that
don't exist yet and, and all of them as they intercut between them talking about this guy's
new sex robot, he's like, I'm in, I'm unveiling the sex robot and it just looks like David
Lee Roth.
And he's like, because he's focused on all this other functionality and the thing just
looks like your uncle in a wig and, and, and just as I'm doing right now, it's like those
guys, they cut between them and all those guys that are like, if you know what I mean
about all that like stuff that has to do with their intimacy, them wanting pleasure.
When they got to say that it's ugly, like they just relax, you can see the weight come
off of their shoulders.
And I don't know how to wear a ticket.
I was like, I paused it and I was like saying, like, there's something important here because
like these guys are going like, like it's that then bringing that background to this,
it doesn't feel like punching down, but you're like, you want, we want to punch down like
we have an urge and I don't, I think that probably all human beings feel that like you
we just, we all have some area where we don't, we justify it somehow, like I'll go, I'll
be like in a comment section on Jezebel and like watching under some articles like, Oh,
like here's your thing, like here's your thing where you get to call someone a piece of fucking
subhuman shit, you know, some people need to make a robot to be like, I'm out of her
fucking league.
Yeah.
This guy's like, she's ugly.
I think it's like, they started coming up and I said, I wouldn't fuck her with someone
else's dick and all this stuff and like, like, Oh, you were just, you were just winking and
nudging when you were talking about your own dick, but it's like, I wouldn't fuck her with
someone else's dick.
We're talking about someone else's dick.
We're talking about a robot.
It's like, it's ugly.
It's ugly.
Like we want to just like, we want to just drown each other because we feel like we're
drowning.
We want to like grab each other's heads and go like, you're ugly.
You're ugly.
I'm not drowning.
I was just in Fiji and I was drowning.
All right.
Well, I told you, I told you, I was a bad interviewer, I told you what I'll do.
So okay.
Okay.
Would you want to meet my friend Brandon Johnson?
He's black.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Let's go.
Oh, Brandon Johnson.
I know we can't deny, trying to leave, I can't go right, soon your tired eyes go blind.
Oh.
I think the magic's already started.
What's up, man?
Welcome.
I'm so happy to be here.
Thanks for having me back, Dan.
Thank you.
Thank you for sharing the stage.
This sweater and this vest and the shirt, like how do you outdress me every goddamn
time?
I think, what would an old-timey black man from the 30s wear?
So, you know, like, I have, have we talked about this before, you and I, I want to be
like one of those 70, 80-year-old dudes that has a kick-ass cane, you know, like a big,
like a bitching hat.
Yeah.
And like just one of those cool old dudes that you see walking down the road and like,
you can pull off like a cane with like an owl head on it.
I wanted to be, I wanted to be full of Jameson and a little bit of weed and a little bit
of cocaine so that when I bump into some young dude and he's like, you old motherfucking,
I could be like, look here, young buck.
Look here.
Got cocaine and marijuana, young buck.
I'm not so unimpressive after all.
Now, and then hit that motherfucker with my cane.
I've changed my ambition.
I want to be at any point in my life where I'm confident in calling anybody young blood.
What's up, young blood?
Don't pray for what you want, man.
I hate young black dudes, man, because they do not.
They give you that look like, you're not cool no more.
They can smell it.
You're an old black dude.
Which is tragic.
Old black woman with like, if she's standing back behind a counter and she serves you a
pork chop, you're like, oh, thanks, old black lady.
That's probably going to be delicious to shit.
But if an old black man in this sweater handed you a pork chop, you'd be like, fuck that.
What did you do wrong in life?
That's a very interesting...
But thank you for the compliment.
I would just say that you look like a very well-dressed, older black gentleman.
I'm just trying to find out who killed Bumpy Knuckles.
Like a fucking 1910 black detective.
Wait, is that a reference or an awesome riff of like, Ursat's black detective?
You haven't heard about the death of Bumpy Knuckles?
It's in all the papers.
Is there any, is there a Charlie Chan for, but black?
Like, is there like an old-timey detective archetype that was a...
Shaft.
I'm not going to throw his detective work under the bus, but...
I mean going back to Charlie Chan days when it was like, is there like a classic Uncle Ben of detecting?
Like...
There isn't, right?
It's so hard, man, because I want to make up a dude for you right now.
You don't know about the work of Charles Duchase? Charles Duchase was the first black actor to play a detective.
And arrested moments later.
Wait, wait, can I bring it back?
Sarah and Beth, I have a question.
Like, just because you're women and feminists and you're making like satire and stuff like that,
do you think right now with Trump being Trump and being in office and all this stuff, do you think,
and I'm hoping it's the case with the march that's going to happen and all this stuff,
do you think there will be some awesome revolution for women now?
Because it's so ridiculous that we all get to actually call this shit out and women get to be full-on vocal activists at all times.
Yeah, I think that like 53% of white women are finally going to latch on to 90s feminism.
Like, they're going to finally catch up with the rest of the world.
And then they're going to make some like movie about it in 20 years and everyone will be really self-satisfied.
Like First Wives Club kind of.
Do you think it'll be that flaccid? It'll be that fleeting and not actual?
I don't think it's a bad thing. I just think that there's seriously a lot of people in this country that need to catch up with just like basic tenets of feminism.
We're not even talking about what Third Wave feminism is even about, just really basic stuff like equal pay and reproductive rights.
Like birth control allows us to have jobs.
Just basing it on the name, I would guess that Third Wave feminism is about diminishing the concept entirely because you can't even get through that name
and getting the subconscious implication that it's fleeting and has been done before and will be done again.
Who came up with that phrase? Is it Proud? Is everyone waving that flag?
Who came up with it? Someone in the audience probably knows better than me.
It sounds like Archie Bunker came up with it.
No.
There's these Third Wave feminists. When you're going to realize you're just women, it doesn't matter how many waves you go through.
They're just waves. They come in, they go out.
Isn't that kind of like a subconscious?
Yeah, we're going to go through our grunge period soon.
It'll just be called Femma Junk. Femma garbage.
I hope it skips 90s grunge and goes straight to awesome punk rock, like riots and shit, like actual revolutionaries.
On record, calling for a physical, actual, prosecutable action.
Alright, I'll back you up.
I'm going with you.
I am. I think it's time to like light time to pick up pitchforks.
Because if tweeting worked, it would get you elected president.
Yeah, I think it's no problem to be on Twitter. It's the world's CB radio, but a guy used it to become our first like actual evil president.
Like just got on Twitter and was like,
Breaker, Breaker, I should be president. And everyone that was like hashtagging cancel Colbert because that didn't work, but that did.
I think that means that Twitter's probably for listening and not so much for getting stuff done.
And then you go back to old wheat-paste flyers.
Wheat-paste. Put shit up on a wall that people have to see. Tell them, fucking, fucking, yeah.
Take down, take down the, the live glasses. Or put them on, put them on, I mean.
Look, I don't know. I'm gonna, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna.
The Dan Harmon get off my lawn segment.
I'm three months from caving. Every time I have a rant on Twitter where I'm like,
This fucking president should be in jail. And then I kind of get this nausea 30 minutes later.
I'm like, What are you doing? You're playing Minecraft. You're gonna get fired.
You just don't, don't, don't lip off. No one else is. What are you and Mark Hamill? What are you doing?
Have you, have you, have you, have you heard what Mark Hamill's doing?
Yeah, the Batman song.
Fucking amazing. Like it's such a brilliant stroke of, like this is a great example of just like every little bit.
Like, like what a great thing. Like, like to just, I'm the last person to know, but so I'm explaining to no one.
But he reads Trump's tweets in the voice of the Joker and it's fucking amazing.
I was just like, Happy New Year to all my haters.
And it's so perfect. Anyway, but, but, but, but yeah, I feel like sometimes I feel like I'm three months out from just going,
Wait a minute, what am I doing? I should just sit in a lawn chair, put on a red baseball cap and say,
Now who loves Trump so much, they're willing to work for some minimum wage for me.
Like I could just game the system. This is how Nazism works.
Like you just guys like me just slowly go, I'm tired.
When is the Women's March the 21st, right?
Yeah, when is, are you guys going to the Women's March? Not that I'm assuming anything because of your gender.
We're going to the one in New York.
You just look like marchers.
Yeah, we're just flying back. So we got to go to our own city.
Oh, are you based out of not LA?
Yeah, we're in New York.
Oh, we're visiting.
Cool.
So all major cities are doing it, right?
Yeah.
I know Boston is.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Cody's flying to DC where an omnibus permit was taken out that prevents any marches during inauguration day to be dedicated to anything meaningful.
I wanted to be a big ass fucking free for all crazy ass.
Like it's going to be huge because there's like, isn't that like four times the buses, like there's 200 buses for inauguration.
There's 1200 buses for the Women's March.
So that's impressive.
Fuck yeah.
I think it's going to be really calm though.
Actually, it's going to be a lot of moans.
It'll be organized and people will be listening to each other.
It'll be amazing.
Yeah.
I hope that's the point of it.
I hope it's fucking eight billion people.
Well, that doesn't add up.
But yeah, that goes off without a hitch.
I hope that reports start coming out of people trying to covertly stir shit up and getting exposed as fucking like, you know, that they're trying desperately to do it.
Because this is an important thing.
Like here's the silver lining.
Like we lost.
Let's talk about left versus right.
We lost.
Like, oh boohoo, that sucks.
But it's like, holy shit, we haven't lost in a long time.
Like we haven't been the people that are allowed to just do anything with no accountability to logic.
You could just say the president's a fucking idiot and you should be thrown in prison and anyone that comes at you and goes like, please, I think these identity politics should be debated.
You're like, fuck you, have fun, like I'm just a fucking insurrectionist.
I lost.
I don't have to fucking like hang out and like obey your laws.
I don't know.
Like, I don't, I'm not saying like.
The sinister part of it is like when the Dixie Chicks talked shit about Bush, they were nearly fucking pilloried.
Like they got a bunch of flak.
Now we get to talk so much shit about Trump because he's such a buffoon.
But like that completely takes all the point of dissent and, what's the word I'm looking for?
Taco.
It takes all the taco out of it.
Now talking shit about the president, it doesn't even mean anything.
It doesn't land anywhere.
Like dissent doesn't even matter anymore because who gives a fuck?
I don't think that's true.
I mean, if that's a defeatist statement, I don't agree with that.
I don't think that's true at all.
I think you can see these people in every comment section.
Maybe I'm projecting because maybe it's what I want to see.
Every Twitter thread, everything.
I can see the confusion and the fear and the frustration that used to be ours to bear now being handed over to these stump-humping redneck fuck faces.
And they don't have the attention span we have and they're not gonna vote in 2018 because they got shit to do and be dumb about.
Like they're confused.
They keep saying over and over again, why don't y'all just get back to work?
I'm sorry to make them southern.
Like, this is because a lot of the Trump thing is, it's not fucking like
We got it in thatI just did it but I'm like punching down on fucking like
like fucking, like labor, you know, but like,
there's a big part of that movement is exploitation
of those people by people that are like fucking just profiting.
So, but all of those people across the board,
all of that meming and tweeting and all that shit,
like that was like Snickers bar energy
compared to like the energy you have from eating a turkey.
Like they can't last and they're like confused.
Like they just keep going, yeah, but emails
and you keep going, she lost.
Back to talking about how he's a dumb fuck that can't spell
and should be thrown in a hole with sharp sticks
on the bottom, well, but if Obama, but if Obama,
nothing mother fucker, I'm talking about my president.
I'm talking, like, I'm just a dumb fucking idiot
that just wants to cause trouble, ever heard of it?
But must suck to be in your,
not even in your first 100 days in office
and you just got a bunch of people just clawing at you
like cats, like just spreading any rumor they can.
Oh God, Lou, why do you want to see my tax return so much?
It's as if I wasn't born in America.
Like, will you people stop at nothing
to just ruin everything?
Yeah!
And it's how I always wanted to feel
and it was harder when there was this handsome,
articulate black guy in office
that wanted everyone to have healthcare.
Yeah, but there's harder.
It was hard to wake up jaded.
It was hard.
Now it's easy.
Now it's like the way it should be.
He's a king and a fucking idiot
and I'm a fucking jester and I can just, yeah!
He's made out of smoke and cotton candy,
like, you can't throw a dart that will stick in him
because he doesn't exist.
He's like, he's a concept.
Like, you can't actually nail him on anything
because he doesn't give a fuck about accuracy or truth.
Who cares?
He does like 80 cartoonish things a day though.
He's like Scrooge McDuck.
So you're like, hey, that crazy thing you did,
he's already on to the next one.
Like, he...
Yeah, which is brilliant because like nothing lands.
Like he can just, that crazy fucking horrible dog shit.
It's not like if everyone starts talking about something,
he won't fucking obsess about it
and start melting down on Twitter.
He fucking does.
I think what you do is not politics, not campaign,
not policy stuff, simply talk about how he looks.
Just call him chubby.
If we all agree to just call him chubby pants.
I think he'd fucking blow his brains out.
He's so vain.
I think you should do that
because when you talk about how people dress
and how they look, like it carries weight.
Like...
It does because...
Because it's in your essence
because people would like you to say that they dress well.
I like that shirt your way.
And I think that...
I don't...
I think Mark Hamill should read his tweets as the Joker
and I think that Nabisco should say he's not crunchy enough.
I don't...
I think that if you...
And I think that it doesn't...
If we can monetize criticism, this might actually work.
Our emphasis on how things get done
and whether something is going to work
and whether or not a bratty kid just wants your attention
and therefore you should think counter-intuitively,
like the only silver lining of this defeat
and the situation we're in is that we don't have to spend
that much brain power on that shit anymore.
You can just figuratively put a frag in a bottle
and light it and throw it in any general direction, figuratively.
Yeah, good luck with that shit.
Some of us have a lot of work we got to do,
digging the trenches to live in and the caves to hide in,
but you're right.
You could just put that red hat on.
I like your stance, though.
Your stance is that we should fuck with this dude
until he's up out of office, like more than ever before.
And, Bre, you are my second of two black friends that I have.
The other one called and said they could not make it.
I've had this conversation where I was like,
no, dude, you don't have to, like I get it,
like I don't get it, but I get that I don't get it,
and I get that it's like, I'm not gonna be like,
what are you guys doing to women and black people,
and especially not black women?
Because it's like the line was towed and all this shit,
and it's like, yeah, this is a time
as that Chappelle sketch on SNL, and it's like, yeah.
White people are like fucking having to deal with frustration
for the first time in their lives.
I get whatever, like take the bench, my friend.
Yes.
I am your globetrotter.
I unfortunately cannot do that as the game
seems to keep coming to me, but I will say it is,
if you're a historian, there's a way to look at what's
about to happen in a way that doesn't necessarily
have to get you down.
It's kind of interesting, because if you're a historian,
it's one of the most interesting things to ever happen.
So like, if you don't become an activist,
there's still something interesting about being,
about paying attention to what's happening.
Yeah.
You know, no matter whether you're getting into it
to stop it, or whether you're sitting on the sidelines,
or whether you're an activist,
it's still a crazy fucking time to witness.
Yeah, and I think with a potential healthy result,
like, because it is, I sat on this stage for four years
and ran my mouth about bipartisan systems full of shit.
And it's like, I don't know, like Keith Olberman did
a thing the other day where it was like, would you trade?
There's a way that we could all just vote for Mitt Romney,
like really search yourself, but like, you know what?
It's like, I'm craving the bipartisan system as comfort
until we can figure out how to fix it.
This is not fixing it.
And like, I have to, that's making me recognize
that all of my anarchist bullshit about like,
oh, the system is stupid, why do I have to choose
between Coke and Pepsi?
Well, because corn syrup isn't human urine.
It's bad for you, but it's not human urine bad for you.
That's a bad example of human urine is actually better
for you than corn syrup, right?
Because it contains water and probably human nutrients.
And delicious.
Anyways, where did we get off?
As women and comedy people, does your website have boobs?
No.
Actually, yes.
Does the, do you guys, like, it's like,
do you have to have conversations where you tally,
like, I'm trying to figure out, like, I wanna talk
about the comedic aspect of it,
where comedy becomes industry,
where it becomes like kind of where you're talking,
you have to talk about shit that's not coming from
just the thing you naturally wanna do.
Are you guys just following your bliss
every time someone moves to write something,
or is there some kind of like restraint
or guidance being put on it
as what I was trying to get at before?
There's a lot of restraint.
Yeah, I mean, we follow our bliss to a point
where the idea actually has to be clear and readable
so that when you're scanning through Facebook or Twitter,
you're like, I get that.
So you have to have conversations like,
well, what's the joke here?
And if it's the same as the joke in the last thing,
then, okay, let's come up with a different thing, or?
Yeah, we gotta, like, reign in our bliss.
We can't go that far.
What you haven't run, if there's headlines
that you've turned down,
because you have so many, your bylines are hilarious.
And is there anything that you've ever been like,
that's too fucked up?
All the time.
Sometimes there's jokes that really appeal to us
as feminists that are sort of like laughing
at ourselves as feminists,
but then we're like, what will the opposition do
when they get a hold of this sort of thing?
And we're like, we can't put this out there,
because it's just, a lot of like, MRA trolls
will see our articles as real, as written by real women,
and obviously they hate women.
So every article we write is an example
of how women are dumb and terrible
because we're satirizing women's media.
Yeah, like one article we put out a couple months back,
if Trump wins, I'm moving to Alaska.
People thought it was real and made a call
to get the writer fired.
And someone wrote an open letter.
I'm sorry, that's the, them taking it seriously
is one thing that I've seen with the onion,
the people that take the onion thing,
but that blows my mind, the idea of like, get her fired,
because then reductress will be all cleaned up for me.
But it's really just about punishing this woman from,
you should fire her from, it's like trying to,
it's like, imagine trying to get someone fired
from the Ku Klux Klan.
It's like, it really gives you, yeah.
Sure it happens.
Let me show up dirty.
Someone wrote like a thousand word blog post
just to articulate the fact that Alaska
is in the United States.
Like they're like, that was a sex robot moment.
Like you really felt superior to this fictional writer.
So if everybody's just dumb,
now this is just broadening out into like, okay.
I think we all agree, yeah.
Most people are dumb.
The average IQ is 100.
America has perhaps heroically, perhaps villainously,
spent its time on top reallocating assets
slowly from the future educated children.
Like we've been focusing on dumbness,
like we're in horse sense.
We're like, oh, we're cowboys
and we're gonna rustle the doggies of the world
and like who needs to care if evolution is real
in order for that to happen.
You just need a lasso and a bomb.
And so I guess as young comedy people who have no choice
but to be thinking about a wish for the world
because you're not jaded nihilistic troll people
who are just going like, fuck you, you're stupid.
And the world is stupid.
Do you guys, is there a goal?
Are we supposed to just make dumb people smart with comedy?
Are we supposed to just like try to avoid getting shot?
Are we supposed to like shift things
so that 60 years from now in a world
we don't get to participate in, things are better?
Am I overreacting to?
I think we have to like dumb down our message for them
in a way, because like-
Simplify, we need to simplify.
Simplify, like speaking to your point
of like taking Trump down at all costs,
like similar to George Bush in 10 years,
all these people are gonna pretend that they hated Trump
and they're gonna pretend they didn't vote for him.
So like my goal is not to take down Donald Trump
and convince them he has a tiny penis.
Like the goal I think is to like shift their focus
and be like, hey, like healthcare is good.
Black people deserve to live.
Like just like focus.
Hilarious.
Slow down, slow down.
Let's take it one step at a time.
And what's like, if you give us comedy tips,
if I'm like, if I'm a satirical journalist
and I'm like, I wanna do a bit,
like because there's a,
you can see it misfiring a lot.
People think that satire means a lot of times
just pretty much non-ironic kind of like sarcasm,
like sarcasm, which creates a sarcasm
between that you're trying to,
but like there's an art.
There's a real art to like,
like like leading people around to an absurd thought
that forces them to realize something
like black people deserve healthcare,
but you don't do it by typing an article
that says, black people don't deserve healthcare.
Get it?
I'm not, again, I don't know why I'm explaining this to you.
The, the, my guess, my question is,
is there, do you have any like little tip,
like like a fundamental philosophical kind of tip?
Like, like where I'm trying to think of an example
of from another field where it's like,
if a welder were to say,
or if a football quarterback were to say,
follow through like, like, like, or, you know,
just some simple thing that when it comes to like,
I, like, like parody and stuff where you're actually
hoping that the end result will be somebody laughing
and then also like, looking themselves,
is there like a kind of guiding principle
that is separates the craftsman from the,
from the, from the non-crafts people?
I mean, this might seem really obvious saying it out loud,
but that your headline actually says what you are trying to say.
Like, if you're like, okay, what's the joke of this piece?
And you're like, well, I think it's this, this, this, this.
And if that's not actually reflected in the headline,
then like, you wouldn't believe how many times that happens.
It's just, no.
Is that a, wait, I'm not sure if you're citing a,
like, give me an example or, or clarify more,
because I'm not sure if you're, I'm sorry.
I just opened up Pandora's box.
I don't know.
It's when the headline is super funny, it's a joke,
but it doesn't relate to any of the article.
The article can't back it up.
So you sort of lose steam.
So do you mean the headline kind of encapsulates
the whole bit right there, right?
Or do you, but I thought you might've been saying,
like, actually the headline shouldn't even be ironic
or it should be.
Ah, I don't know.
I mean, the whole joke is there in the headline.
There's no like buried lead, basically.
Like what, what you're agreeing to click on
is what you're going to get in that article,
unlike a lot of mainstream journalism, which currently
is like, what will people click on in this headline?
Let's pick one random phrase from this article.
How much are you, when you guys write something
that's like, obviously satirical or a parodic,
that are you writing and hoping,
because like satire is not for everybody.
And people don't know that a lot, like you're joking
when you say, I'm moving to Alaska.
That, that, that's, that's the whole joke
is in the headline there.
Like that's, that's all there.
Are you writing for, how, what percent are you hoping
that stupid people bite on that and write crazy blog posts
and are inflamed by that?
Or are you, are you hoping that everybody gets the joke
and it's hilarious across the board?
We never write for the dum-dums.
Uh, we, we're not, we're not trying to change anyone's mind.
We're, it's usually, we're usually trying to guilt
and shame the well-intentioned liberals
who are not actually fixing the problem in hand.
So like, we'll do things like, these headlines.
Woo!
I love that.
There's, so, we'll do-
So you mean, all of San Francisco?
Yeah.
Woo!
Like, we'll do a headline that's like,
these headlines about Black Lives Matter
are breaking my heart as I scroll past them.
Or something, you know?
And it just sort of is like, a lot of them are like,
hey, white women, you're not helping.
You know?
Right, right, right.
Or like, I can't believe this country is so racist,
says employee of all whites startup.
Like, and, and I mean like, I think even in that one
was a tweak where we're never, we try to avoid making,
you know, talking about like, oh, big rich white man.
Because I think like, anyone in this room
can like point at a white rich CEO
and be like, that guy sucks.
We try to kind of get it a little more specific
and that specificity kind of makes us all turn inward
and look at ourselves a little bit more.
We all have a little rich white man inside of us.
We do!
That's cool.
I mean, that guy is just not profitable.
I, I, I, I, I have one every night.
Richard, they're better.
His name is Dan Harmon.
I actually do, as a side note, when you guys,
when you guys do encounter that thing where it's like
somebody, even as individuals or as reductrists,
but like, I know, when you encounter the situation
where you accidentally snared somebody,
like you're like just doing something that was like,
ironic and somebody does go, like,
that makes you feel bad, doesn't it?
Or not to lead you, but it makes me feel bad.
Like, I feel like I just feel like I fucked up or something.
Sometimes it's like too true for people
and you're like, I don't know,
like did I want to hurt this person?
I love that some dude is sitting in his apartment like,
why you pick on me, you know I dumb.
I kind of feel that way sometimes.
I feel like, I feel like, I feel like we've come
as close as we've ever come in this last election
where like, a lot of people are saying like,
oh, well, in a world where some of us experience shame
for not being society's ideal of beautiful,
that some people are saying,
this is not my speech about it.
We ignored the Rust Belt.
Fuck it, fuck them, I'm from Wisconsin,
fuck that part of me.
I'm just saying like, that I've had conversations
with who I thought were smart friends of mine
that were like, yeah, but I'd rather him than Hillary
and like you go down this road and like,
you always come down to this like little channel
that's filled with like little rats
and bits of newspaper, but there's like this fundamental
almost chagrinning honesty about how it's
an anti-intellectual revolution.
That all of this, like that shaming people
about punctuation and not understanding the world
and things like that, what is my point?
It's only an observation, it's not about,
we didn't do fucking shit wrong, we're good people.
I'm not saying that at all, that's not my thesis.
I just like, I think it's an interesting observation
that we've come as close as we ever have in our life
of a group of Americans saying like,
I've been feeling dumb because I'm dumb for a long time
and I was just hoping maybe dumb people could be in control.
Like they dressed that up when Bush, with the Bush thing,
they used to dress that up and that they're getting closer
and closer to just going dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
I read this article that was pretty interesting
that was about how the Trump election is kind of similar
to Insane Clown Posse followers, the juggalos,
where they've created this community
that basically exists to say fuck you to anything
that would say fuck you to my community.
And so in doing, they've kind of created this armor
where it's like anything can be used
to then justify their own means
because their whole premise was just out of anger
and resentment of just, almost the same kind of things
that we have anger and resentment for,
but just other things too.
It's almost as if the municipal communities,
places in port cities, places, the nerve centers
of the giant animal called the country
that are often dismissed and don't have electoral power
because they're city slickers.
Like they're folded over on themselves eight times,
which is the maximum.
And so they're all in contact with each other
in a big sandwich.
So even if they do have a low IQ,
they have a snobbishness to them when it comes
to what you say to an Indian man
when you meet him at the deli.
And then you're in these other states
where the electoral power is so high.
And the positive way of looking at it
isn't so much like, oh, they're trying to take over.
They wish that the whole country was a cattle ranch
or a welding factory where you make welding.
What they're actually saying is, oh, first fold.
Weird.
We're like, we're out of the eighth fold.
And they're like, it's weird to be folded
because the internet folded them.
So they're having their first experiences
with things that you learn if you go to college in a big city.
If you go from the Midwest to the nearest big city
and as you follow that path,
if I could just show you at Elbrick's Defending Your Life
montage of how dumb I've been
and how the dumb things are like,
it didn't stop five minutes ago in the green room.
I'm just like, like meeting you guys, I'm just babbling.
I'm just like trying to figure out
what I'm eating, you guys, I'm just babbling.
I'm just like trying to prove I'm a good person.
Imagine the shame of being just a dumb shit.
Just a big, dumb shit bucket eating fucking moron
from a fucking town full of 800 fucking idiot.
He eats the shit bucket.
He doesn't even eat the shit.
He eats the whole bucket.
There's a shame there.
I think shame's our biggest problem.
I think it's white fragility and male fragility in a nutshell
because it's like, when you tell someone,
hey, the thing you guys always do hurts me as a person.
They experience a tiny fraction of that pain.
They're like, oh, I hurt someone.
Well, the part that I just heard was the thing you guys always do.
And I was processing and I was like, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
Well, you're telling me that it hurts you.
But in a lot of instances, you're like, hey, the thing you do kills us.
And then they're like, that hurts our feelings for you to say that.
And you're like, but on our side, that's a little bit bigger.
Microcosm is every relationship where,
because I just had one tonight where it's like,
I didn't have a fight with my girlfriend, but we had a thing.
It's like, we love each other so much that any turbulence
causes a conversation of, if someone were to express a need,
if someone were to say, oh, I'm dissatisfied in this area.
When I hear that, unless I'm fucking on point and sober
and ready for anything and have just finished breathing four times,
taking four second breaths and have a big mouthful of peanut butter
and I got a sheep on my dick.
I don't know what my idea I'm in a hammock.
Whatever the ideal is, unless those ideal situations are met,
I'm bound to hear your dissatisfaction as,
I fucked up, I fucked up.
Now, it's easy to, when you look back on it after your autonomic system cools down,
we always look back and go, oh, that person told me I fucked up.
And wow, they must really give a fuck to tell me that.
And also, my ability to say I fucked up is actually pretty cool, sexy, alpha.
But in that moment, you're like, I'm always like,
I didn't fuck up, I didn't fuck up.
You should know, okay, maybe I did fuck up,
but that definitely pales in comparison to your fuck ups.
Even just telling me I fucked up is kind of a fuck up if you think about it.
There's just this like scramble and it's a panic that is equivalent to
when you're drowning, it's fight or flight.
And there's something romantic about that,
when you're feeling fight or flight, don't shake your head, Brandon.
At the heart of it, at the heart of it all is like,
why would you pan?
It's like, if you watch like a war movie about Nazis,
like they're herding people into a camp,
there's not a ton of like, ow, my shoes hurt.
What the fuck are you saying that for? I'm a fucking good Nazi.
They're like not hearing them and not looking at them as humans.
And there's like, there is a place you can get to where hatred and
and privilege and all of the things that we're struggling with,
like get to a place where it's like, holy shit, it's really bad.
And right now for it to be in a place of people freaking out all the time,
like the fact that the internet is a goddamn fucking like cesspool
is because like we're getting hurt by each other
and half of us were 20% of us or whatever are getting hurt by the idea
that we've been doing it wrong the whole time.
We're just going to make you happy.
This is my world I made for you ladies.
I think a lot of us have the impulse to be like, hey, I didn't mean to do that
and we really want to prove it to them, but it's like.
I didn't mean to call me a slut.
I just wanted you to know I was, I just like wanted a fair wages.
I think the fact that someone would bring the point up to you
is them knowing that you didn't mean to, like they already know that.
So we get caught in this trap of trying to prove to them
that like we're a good person who wouldn't intentionally hurt them.
And it's like that's beside the point to them.
They're just trying to tell you to stop doing it.
And it's hard because it every human being shares this.
I think primatological.
There is a surf curl or a wind that gets in your sail.
The moment when you it's self righteousness or just not even self righteousness.
That sounds pejorative righteousness when you truly are right.
It's not fabricated that you are right.
Like that's when we, a lot of us break down.
I, I, my heroes are people, the people that have changed me are people
who have been right and have taken mercy on me and been like, Hey man,
like, like you should know you're wrong and I'm right.
But like that they like come in somehow lower and I don't know.
I don't even know how they did it, but like I've had these experiences where I'm like,
I would have just argued about this shit and like been this way.
If it weren't for this one person, this anonymous person on Twitter or, or it's some,
some, some flame war that was like, it's 9 11 everybody.
Anyway, but, but, but yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's a, it's a dangerous mechanism
in all of us that we, I think when we feel, when we feel correct, when we feel right,
we, there's like a Newtonian law there that like puffs us up more and then
and then it creates this syndrome because when, when you feel wrong, you have a,
you have a defensive reaction and then when you feel right, you have an aggressive reaction.
Maybe that's me describing men. I don't think so though.
I, I have a theory now that we've all been emotionally abused by probably our parents
or someone.
I like that theory.
And then our, our coping mechanism going forward is like it's either fight or flight.
So in certain situations, we just become the abuser because we're like,
I'm the right one here. You know, we're, it's a way of taking control.
I think in chaotic households, which should describe 100% of households,
even if you think you lived in a beaver cleaver like household, I think you're a kid.
So it's chaotic.
I do think it's like, you have these like tyrants who are going to say,
because I said so and they're going to be like, and I think the moments that we,
that dopamine spike us and evolve us are the moments we stand up to them and prove them wrong.
I, I, I at least I should just be for myself.
I mean, that was my household.
It was like, I don't, I didn't learn, I didn't like, like learn that the more I could roll
over the more freedom I got at all.
Like my curfews got extended by fucking monologues.
Like, like, like my, my, my posture improved like every, like it was like all my leveling
up what it had to do with like the moment I finally lost my shit and fucking like proved
someone wrong, emulating what they, the weapons they would use against me, which were like
yelling and shaming and toxifying and all that stuff.
And it's, that's the, that's the, I guess that's what we're all up against is because
our whole species is descended from a one big dysfunctional family that was reproductively
successful.
Like we, we don't give ourselves enough credit biologically for being primate that grew up
in God's crosshairs and yet beat the fuck out of giraffes and ants.
We are going to the fucking outer space and, and, and when we do, if you were a good giraffe
you can come with, we'll think about it.
It was not a good solution to grow a longer neck because you couldn't reach leaves.
It's dumb.
You thought you nailed it.
You would have fucking eaten us if you had evolved past that.
You would have fucking eaten us.
We're eating you.
You don't even taste good.
You just got, you're all neck.
And you can't talk.
Famous for their necks.
Can't talk.
You hate, you hate giraffes so much.
Somewhere along the line where I'm growing a longer neck, maybe I should add some larynxes
so I could say, hey, anyone have any ideas about how to build a ladder?
It's laziness. We, what my point is, we don't earn this through our choices every day.
Have you ever met a giraffe? Have you ever been in the company of one?
Don't interrupt me. It irritates me.
We, we didn't earn any of this, but it also is recognizable.
Like, as a species, we fucking like, we, we are the biggest success on the planet until
you get to the part where we're so successful that the planet may then fail.
But like, as individual human beings, then we don't, fuck, I had it.
I fucking had it. I had the meaning of life right in my fucking hand.
God damn it.
I want my tail back if we're so successful.
We lost tails because we got so big in fact because we were like fucking nailing it.
We used to be like squirrels.
You just, if you back us up all the way to assuming we all came from one amoeba, we represent
the part of that amoeba's family that was like peace.
Like, we're awesome.
See, and all the other fucking amoeba siblings are like, well, I'll think I'll be an amoeba
that grows an amoeba shirt.
And we were like, I think I'll be a fucking monkey.
And they're like, you think you're better than me now?
Fucking smart amoeba.
I don't want the tail. I don't want the tail. I want that toe thumb where you can fucking
grab on to shit with your foot.
And super strength.
Remember that shit?
You can just fucking hang out upside down and be like, I'm fine like this.
Oh yeah, we had one. Here's what it doesn't protect you from.
Your cousin's becoming nuclear capable.
Sorry, toe thumb.
I've got.
Why are those mutually exclusive?
Why can't I be good at nuclear physics and also have a toe thumb?
Turns out you can't.
If we don't blow ourselves up, we may get to a point where we can upload our consciousness
into a simulation of having toe thumbs.
We're almost there. We're almost there.
We just got a couple more little conniption fits to get through.
God, I swear to God, I had a fucking point.
I was going to stitch the giraffe thing to a thing.
It was going to blow your mind.
You were mad about giraffes because they got it wrong and they should have had a ladder.
Yeah, and why I know that.
No, he's right about the ladder part. That part was great.
Now, what I was saying before that was, it was harping about something that I was like,
like then I got off on this thing that I'm like, I've said a thousand times, but I was like.
All right, so.
We should build a wall.
Did you see the photo of the guy and that's the wall?
All right, anyways.
You're going to want those giraffes on the wall when the wall happens, man.
You're going to need someone to fucking see what's going on the other side.
You're going to fucking eat your fucking words about giraffes.
You remember Gladiator?
They have a shot where you can see your giraffes like being loaded into the Colosseum's loading dock,
but they don't have the scene where people are like killing giraffes,
which is what they used to do because they were like, holy shit, look at these monsters with long necks.
We should have eight of them fight Doug.
And Doug would be like, yeah, yeah.
And the giraffes would be like, are you fucking kidding me?
I got a long neck here.
I did everything I'm supposed to do.
I'm not a horse for God's sake.
I got a long neck.
And we're like, we have bronze, you're dead, and it's not fair to you.
A giraffe will fuck you up or kick you.
They'll fucking wrap you with their head.
They don't fuck about.
You know, you don't want to fight a zebra.
A zebra will fucking get you.
Look, everything will get me.
A giraffe would kick my ass.
I'm not a Gladiator.
I wouldn't want to be in a ring with a giraffe even with a sword.
He's going to walk on your face.
I don't want to.
Who do you want to be in a ring with a sword with?
Crocodile.
Just say if you had said a feminist parody news site editors.
Why would I say that?
Because our podcast would have taken a huge turn for clicks.
It would have been amazing.
If I said I wanted to kill feminists.
It would have gotten you a wooden sword.
It would have gone into it.
It would have been a huge charity event.
Here's what I would do.
If I could go back in time, if I could be in a ring with anybody with an actual sword,
Nero, who used to make people fight him with fake swords.
It's like, no, fight me with a real sword.
You piece of shit.
What about an ugly sex robot?
I would fuck a sex robot that looked like David Lee Roth.
Just because...
Just for that.
I brought my pencil.
Hey, man, you came on my face.
I would do it just for that.
It was just like a sound board, like a ways thing.
Oh, you had a shack one where it's like, why would you scum my face?
Ease the seat back.
My friend Matt Young thought the lyrics were,
I can barely see the roads, all the heat coming off it.
Reach down between my legs.
Ease the seat back.
He thought it was ease the seat back.
So David Lee Roth is a farmer on a tractor in his mind.
Ease the seat back.
Wave to Yahshua.
I reached down between my legs and ease the seat back.
I was like, you thought that was on the fucking air on the radio?
I showed you guys today for the longest time.
I don't know when I figured out that it wasn't the case.
But the phrase blow your wad was exclusively sexual
and was so grossed out that mainstream media would just use it
that CNN would go like, oh, the Clinton campaign may have blown its wad on the thing.
I'd be like, gross, what are you talking about?
Jipe on a thing.
What?
And then I realized it's like, oh, it's like a wad of cash.
I was like, how are people saying blow your wad all the time?
It's so gross.
It's like pearl jam.
And you can learn what pearl jam is and you're like, gross, stop it.
What do you eat?
I have to hear your name all the time.
Wait, wait, what the fuck?
Pearl jam is...
What is...
No, that's pearl neck.
Not that I know.
Well, it's...
No, well, no.
I gestured to my decolletage, but I...
No, that's even...
It's even grosser.
Pearl jam.
It's fucking...
Yeah, pearl jam.
Gross.
You mean somebody takes, come and puts it in a jar and makes jam?
Is that an actual...
No, it's a way of referring to your fucking gross, pearly cum.
Is that an actual thing?
Are you making that up?
They don't like it.
It's a bit.
Check this motherfucker for a suicide vest.
Don't you never stand up in a comedy show like that.
Check him for a vest.
Is that a vest?
Yeah, it's a vest.
I should...
Please don't kill us.
All right.
Thank you, Abba.
Thank you for saving pearl jam for me and everyone in this room.
You thought pearl jam was a cum reference?
I really...
Maybe I projected that?
Did I come up with a name for cum and like make it pearl jam's fault?
I think you did.
All right.
I accept that.
I mean...
I was like, what the fuck do I not know about?
You would never spread pearl jam on toast?
Well, I'm not ashamed of that projection.
That just makes me imagine it of like Vonokin or something.
I didn't like market it.
But the important thing is, Abba, thank you.
Pearl jam, if you're listening, you're off the hook.
That ant story to me sounds like something they just said in interviews in the 90s.
What was the ant story?
I wasn't even listening.
All I heard was that it was wrong.
That their ant pearl made really good jam.
Oh.
They made a good jam, so they call it pearl jam.
But then...
Okay, so...
All right.
Yeah, you're right.
So they could explain their name in interviews.
Yeah.
All right.
Also, yeah, the Beatles said they were losing this guy with diamonds, wasn't LSD or some
other shit.
Yeah.
And ant limp just made really good biscuits.
No.
Wait, what does limp biscuit mean?
Is that a reference to something sexual?
No.
What is limp biscuit?
Do you have to put some people that jerk off on a biscuit and then one person can't jerk
off on a biscuit?
Jesus.
What?
I don't understand how the ordinary world in that Campbellian journey is a bunch of people
jerking off on a biscuit.
Right?
And then you had to make up a phrase for when that fails.
Yeah.
It seems like if everybody successfully jerked off on a biscuit, the biscuit would become limp.
But you're saying that the guy that can't keep it up...
Jerk off is the winner.
He's the limpest.
He's the winner?
There are no winners.
He has to eat it.
He's got to eat the biscuit.
You don't get great in that biscuit?
A little of my aunt's pearl jam.
I always thought limp biscuit is the worst thing you can hear right before a dude punches
you in the mouth.
That's how you know you're about to get into a fight when a white dude is like, limp biscuit!
You're like, no!
So fucking embarrassing.
I don't want to hear limp biscuit or Smash Mouth under any circumstances.
Right.
I'd rather have my ass beat to journey.
Just a small town girl.
You can fuck me up to faithfully.
You can hold me forever to faithfully and just...
What's faithfully?
I'm forever yours.
Right?
Keep going.
It's also about semen.
What band is that?
Journey.
Wait.
How do I not know a journey song?
Faithfully.
They ain't fucking from Missouri.
All I think of is...
That's not open arms.
You know what journey means.
That's what you poop on somebody's chest.
It all means...
What have we found out tonight?
All of our favorite bands.
Tory Amos means come.
So are you guys...
You guys forgive my ignorance, but are you guys here because just because you're awesome
or are you also maybe moving to feral audio with a podcast?
Yeah.
All right.
You can check out our podcast, Mouth Time.
And if you're in town tomorrow, we have a show at the Comedy Store at 8 p.m.
It's gonna be awesome.
Yep.
What's the podcast called?
Mouth Time.
Yeah.
That sounds more like Pearl Jam.
Oh, it's definitely about semen.
I mean, this is undeniably.
What isn't?
When can we stop denying everything is, is?
The time we stop denying everything is.
I gotta get my grammar right because otherwise I'll never become president.
What is Mouth Time about?
What's the angle on Mouth Time?
It was kind of inspired by a particular women's magazine podcast.
So it's hosted by two of the editors of Reductress in the world of Reductress.
A parody of entertainment podcasts.
Yeah.
I love it.
Killer pitch.
I know.
And you guys are already, wait, but how long have you been doing it?
Almost a year.
Okay.
And so you're, you're, but it's usually in studio, not with an audience.
We've done a couple live podcasts, but we usually record it in the office.
But you're doing a live one this coming.
I just want to make sure people can show it.
Oh, the show at the Comedy Store is a standup, standup variety show.
We've got some great people on board.
Ray at Butcher's performing, Eliza Skinner, Dolce Sloan, Amanda Seals.
Yeah.
Okay.
That whole thing.
So yeah, and I'm just making sure everybody has the information they need to go there
in case it's not sold out.
But, and then, and then after, and then, so you'll be on Ferrell Audio after that.
And that's easy enough to just look up.
Yes.
Hmm.
Well, let me see.
Did you guys know that the H in ADD is just, it's just, they just added it.
Where is this members only jacket I heard so much about from the future?
I think that kid left.
Oh, did he split?
Oh, he moved, he moved chairs.
He moved.
All right.
In an effort to, like, he's like, give me my life back.
We found him.
Hey, what's your name, brother?
We met you before and I forgot your name.
Lucas.
Lucas, you have a gift bag for Dan and Spencer, I see.
Yeah.
Oh, is this Lucas, the tall guy that we ridiculed for your height?
Oh, yeah.
And you were such a good sport.
I listened to that by the way, I was as much as we were self-effacing about how we were
just mocking you for your height.
I listened back to it.
I was like, holy shit, this is a thing.
Like we really just like, I mentioned I was a painter when I was on and I painted you
and Spencer.
Oh, shit.
Thank you.
That's a lot of your painting.
So I figured that I would.
I mean, are you, is it okay if I unveil it?
Feel free to show people.
It's Minecraft.
It's a Minecraft themed painting.
I didn't know what video games you liked, so.
Yeah.
There's one in there for Spencer too.
Awesome.
Thanks so much.
Yeah, no problem.
I missed you last time, right?
I was gone.
Yeah, you weren't there.
Yeah.
Hi.
I didn't have one for Jeff.
That's okay.
Next time.
What video games do you like?
Pardon?
I'm pretty heavy into Candy Crush.
Okay.
Yeah.
Great.
I'll paint you some candy.
Jelly.
Okay.
Do you have a site?
Where can we see it?
I have an Instagram.
King Lucas Lee.
Yeah.
K-I-N-G-L-U-C-A-S-L-E-E.
Correct.
With underscores in between the words.
Can you use it in a sense?
With underscores in between.
That's important.
Yeah.
It's great on me for knowing how to spell comic names.
The important thing is, okay.
Sometimes people spell it with a K, which is Lucas with a K.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
It's crazy.
Well, maybe you're so tall, they think you're like Slenderman.
I have been Slenderman for Halloween before.
It's good.
It scares people.
Yeah.
Have you seen...
I'm standing right in front of you guys.
I'll stand in front of you.
You can sit back down.
I'm okay.
Yeah.
Dan was asking me questions and I...
Lucas, Park it.
Have a seat.
Sit on my lap.
Okay.
Nope.
You should have to say what you want.
Yeah.
Well, I can stand up if you want.
No, yeah.
Okay, great.
In addition to making us paintings, yeah, how is your life going?
Let's make your life a serialized drama.
Okay.
Well, Christmas ended, so I don't have a job anymore.
Oh, because of the...
Of course, Santa's such a tall character.
I was a who at Universal Studios.
Oh, right.
So, for Grinchmas.
Oh, really?
And they just kick you in the street?
Yeah.
They're just like, get out.
I don't want to be hightest, but you would be a perfect Frankenstein there because...
Too tall.
Too tall for Frankenstein?
Because he wears platform shoes, so he is the same height as me.
But you'd be 11 feet tall.
Yeah, exactly.
Because it becomes an FAA issue.
Yeah.
I got to be Frankenstein there once and it was the best gig in the world because you
get to wear a suit and a mask and nobody...
Nobody knows who you are, yeah.
Nobody fucks with you because you're horrifying, but yeah, you would be...
No one fucks with me anyway because I'm horrifying.
Exactly.
I'm 6'9".
But you don't...
You're not like...
You're like Stephen Merchant.
Yeah, you called me Stephen Merchant last episode.
Yeah, I mean, well, there you go.
That's what everyone's calling you in their head then.
Yeah.
If I don't have my finger on the pools of the people, I don't know who does.
Well...
Right now, you're giving Reductress the best lap dance of the world.
Yeah, I know, right?
It's so still.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, oh no, you're very thin.
I feel nothing.
Yeah.
It's...
I wouldn't like smell bad.
I'm just like...
All right.
Well, all right.
Well, I guess...
I'll sit down.
Lucas, I'll sit down.
All right.
Get off our guests.
Lucas, everybody.
Woo!
It's nicer when it's their idea to sit down.
It makes me feel more comfortable.
I feel like I...
You did great.
Thank you.
You have great company.
All right.
When people come over, you're always so nice.
What have you been up to, Brandon?
Man, I'm just...
I got these bootlegs of this podcast on Fero.
So if you guys want to get that shit, then I'm selling that after this show.
Are you doing Lucifer Vom coming up for...
I'm not doing Lucifer Vom.
I wish I was, but please go check out Lucifer Vom.
It's fucking L.A.'s greatest gift to itself.
You got to see Brandon as a character.
Was there a name for that character?
I said he was Father Greasy Dick, which is a real...
Which is a real fucking Catholic name in St. Louis.
You live in Greasy Dick Hall.
Are you from St. Louis?
Why are you nodding at me, man?
Oh, because you can't.
There's not a real Greasy Dick Hall.
There's a real Greasy Dick Hall in St. Louis of all places.
And it's a Catholic parish, or no?
It's a Catholic university called St. Louis University.
Greasy Dick Hall.
How do you spell that?
G-R-E-I-S-D-I-C-H.
Something like that.
Or B-R-A-N-D-O-N.
Never ask me what I'm up to.
The real truth is looking for a cheap vape.
I'm going to accept that as the answer.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
Oh, no.
Okay.
It's about that time, the time that I'm getting nervous
that we don't have an ending.
So I'll literally change the pitch of my voice.
That's awesome.
Why do I allow myself to take on a slight urban patois
as long as it's being filtered through a base enhancing device?
I'm going to call myself out on that.
Do any white people have white friends
that when they talk to any black person,
they uncontrollably affect a little slight urban...
What are you talking about?
Hey.
And it doesn't matter who they are.
It doesn't matter what...
They just...
Your friends Stevens are gone.
And I always say, I have such social anxiety,
I'm like, oh my god, what are you doing?
Stop.
What are you doing?
We love it.
Everybody should do it.
It's a natural thing that every person does.
It is natural, right?
It's natural.
It's the way you say, I'm hearing you,
I agree with you, I want to be on good terms with you.
Because if you start to hard army
when I'm like chilling with you,
then I'm like, how come you ain't being a cool officer?
We were talking about blunts and shit
and you never were like, yeah, you're always like, yes.
That's not...
So I think it's a good thing, maybe.
I think it's you trying to reach out in your own...
That agreement is how we learn language,
it's how we mimic each other
because it's how we socially agree with each other.
Well, here's what I try to do when I talk to African-Americans.
Woo!
What just happened?
Why y'all do this to me?
Turn it off!
Yeah.
I try to be myself.
I don't try to be someone else.
I try to be someone else.
So my name is...
Who is that?
It's me.
It's just me.
You may be black.
I just talk like this.
You may be brown.
You may be a woman and I talk like this.
But I'm not changing for you.
I'm just showing you all I can do,
like break your body down to break it down.
Who is that?
At the front lawn.
Bouda!
Ha!
Who is that?
I don't watch you car with my doll.
It's so soft like a chamois.
Go to South Miami.
Fuck you, Grammy.
I went a grammy for your mammy
Fuck your mammy
Fuck your mammy, I'm a shammy dick
Take it Brandon
Shammy dick, super thick
Wash your windows, dry them quick
You shammy don't fuck around
Can't stop
Shammy where?
Shammy job
My dad gave us
Run up in this motherfucker, Jeff gave us a save us
Yo, shammy dicks in the house
Yo, his dick's like a towel
Scrub me down so hard
I make a pussy growl
Make that pussy growl
Yo, shammy dick, shammy dick
Yo, his dick is soft, smooth, like a cough
He'll invade your pussy like you were Roman
His dick's a visigoth, he'll, what, yeah
I'll take you back to 300 BC, motherfuckers
300 BC is the year I invented
Whip, whip, whip
Oh, that's right
Shammy dick
Alright, good job, yeah
We probably shouldn't have a phobia of finishing a show before 10pm
We should probably, at those moments, we should be like, alright
Sorry ladies, about that last, I don't know if it, it occurred to me
If you'd never heard the show before, you'd be like, are they doing this to like, go to us?
I was ready
Yeah, we were here for you
We didn't give Sarah and Beth a chance to freestyle
You want to jump in on some of this shit?
Yes!
Mandatory
You want mandatory?
Beth is hungry for it
Dustin, put a beat on before you get peed on
Y'all heard of salt and pepper, this is turmeric and ginger
Yeah
I'm so spicy, I wish he'd clean me up with his dick
Shammy dick, play it on thick, clean me up
Shammy dick, ooh
Shammy dick
It's like I'm spicy, more like I'm very, very nicey
Because I come in and shake your mom's hand
But it's got semen all over it
Because God knows what I've been doing
Shammy dick
Soft enough to wash a car
Soft enough to be wherever you are, I want your body
I want it for breakfast and lunch
I want my lunch and lunch
Sorry
Sorry to interrupt
You were shyin'
Oh, it's Jeff Davis's turn
Nobody wants to freestyle to this shit
But I guess I'm gonna have to do it
Because it is a great beat
I have to say I wanna wash it like a car
It's gonna cost me a lot of money
Like a cami, a Toyota Camry
A very good car, it doesn't take me very far
But it's reliable
Oh, Shammy dick
Red dot trash, have a seat
Yo, sometimes when I make love
I need that Shammy
I need someone to wipe down my dick
After I drop my pearl jammy
Yo, girl, can I get in your Camry?
I'm reliable
Also, my blue book rating's pretty high
And my resale value is pretty, pretty good
At least to own
I'm a Tesla
The sex robot of cars
Wipe me down with your judgemental
Shammy dick
Shammy dick, yeah
I'm gonna put a big lamb condom over your Tesla
Cause that's the only way that I'll get you pregnant
Cause they're bad condoms
You shouldn't use those guys
What should we use?
I didn't, I didn't, it was a, oh
It was a, oh that big, big thing over the Tesla
A thing over the Tesla, complicated
I don't have a car
But when I get one of them
I'm not gonna put a tarp on it
Because it's like a shoe
You're supposed to stomp or in it
Supposed to collect mud and dirt
Because if you're worth a car
That's what a car is worth, I'm gonna
Get a BMW, drive it in your booty
I'm just gonna make you real moody
If you're given to hysteria
But I don't care, yeah
Cause I'm a misogynist and I got a car
I'm a misogynist car owner
I got a boner
And my car is my boner
I'm an owner of a boner
Yo, yo
Hungry
So heavy, heavier than my dick
Yo
My name is MC Miss Shape and Dick
I had a mangled dick
In an ice pick accident
I got my dick mangled on
I worked for ten years in a prison yard
Trying to get my dick back into shape
I go outside and I'm treated like a
Great
In that my wrath
Is given aback
Starting over with that thought
Like I have a Miss Shape and Dick
It hurts my feelings
I'm afraid to show it to women
So when I go swimming
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
So worried, worried about it
MC Miss Shape and Dick everybody
MC Miss Shape and Dick
MC Shammy Dick
Alright
DJ Camry
How do we, how do we, how do we end our
Shows before ten p.m. What do we do?
I think we just slowly trail off into madness
I wonder if it's not with a, is there
Well, we, we, we, we have to be
Improvised DnD and, we have to, oh wait,
Let's do that! Okay, let's, let's figure out,
Okay, we gotta, we gotta, we gotta
Start doing role-playing, lets, let's make
This official business, like we're, we're
Gonna figure out, like, could we, should we
Do, should we do a shadow run again
Or should we find a new thing that's
Technically not, a, whatever you guys
Want, man. Whatever will keep you playing.
Cuz Dan and I were talking about doing
Like, our role-playing games got kind
Of diffused because we would play it
seven characters and sometimes none of them were here and we would never
remember what the hell was going on so we're talking about going back to kind
of the old days of like Sharpie and Quark and Spencer where it's maybe not
end the show like do like a mid-show segment where the three of us play a
little RPG. We're so drunk that we have no idea what's going on. Exactly but we
have a little legal maybe trouble with because of Harmon Quest. The way to be
the safest of anything if it's just if it's not. Oh that's an excellent point
actually. What? Electric Boogaloo? Yeah yeah. One of the break dancers from Beat
Street? Oh yeah he's being sarcastic. It's yeah weird weird to yell that out but
also don't want to say weird because weird could have positive connotations
like dumb dumb to yell that out. It's gonna be a dick about it. I mean that
cadence says only one thing. Boxed wine. Yeah. Somebody please take her box of
wine away from her. I am here to vote. Say dumb to yell that out but
weird to defend it which is which is a positive thing. I defend her defending it.
I think the person that yelled it out was dumb. Electric Boogaloo? She's kind of
Joan of Arc for going like fuck it he deserves to live. I'm like yeah she's
right. I don't think they just sit next to each other. I hope Electric Boogaloo in
one box lady get the fucking get it on the night. But I hope that she keeps
talking to him that way. You don't have to be. You can take me home with you. We
should get each other's number. And he comes home every night from a day of
frustration he's like I just keep yelling out Electric Boogaloo and no one
gets me. And she's like you don't have to be. He deserves to yell it out. And he's
like I love you. And she's like let's get something beyond bath salts. I don't
want to just eat the face. I want to eat the soul. Let's bring Florida to
Los Angeles. That's why we moved here. You're the one that said shimmy dick.
Don't even try it. My heart is dead.
Motherfucker pays my rent. I've known this motherfucker for 15 years. You think I'm
gonna pick you, braveheart?
They tried to pick on the black. You're our favorite. No dog. I know what a
slave ship conductor looks like.
You're our favorite. Get on board.
Love. Exciting. Motherfucker got gutsy but it black fired. I'm like the Brad Pitt
right like in that metaphor like I like I come with my beard and I'm like
helping you build shit and I'm like I don't get it. Tell me explain slavery to
me. I don't get it. I don't get it. We're gonna get you out of here. You would
certainly be the slave owner. It's not true. Although I do feel like my mom. I
remember my mom. You have two assistants. When we were well just because I take to
ownership well doesn't mean that I'm like that's that's different. But I do
feel like there was a constant thing when I was growing up in Milwaukee where
there was there were people that would call our house like cold calling to
round up family reunions and there would always be this awkward moment where the
person calling would be like yes the Harmon family is getting together in the
park and my mom would be like okay well where should we go? And he'd be like well
we're meeting by the water fountain. Forgive me for asking but are you white?
And my mom would go yes we are. And he'd go well we're we aren't. And then my mom
would get off the phone and go I think someone in our family owned slaves. Not
we should go to that nice black family's party. They did that convert that phone
called disinvited us. The guy was like very he would be like you're not
invited. That is not fucking true. No you black people you you're exclusionary.
My fucking last name is Johnson. We party with everybody. Good God. The black
Swedes. If somebody fucking says Johnson I shows up for the free food I'm not
stupid. You should have fucking shown up. These motherfuckers would be like we're
the richest hormones and we have the greatest restaurants but that white
family won't show up to our barbecue. Well we should have gone. I didn't have a
say in that family. I would have gone. I should have. I should have. You said you
made monologues that made change. You could have stood up. I should have made
one of my monologues. Let's go party with black people. I didn't do it. Well
it's not too late. Bring out Reginald Harmon. He's like Dan I'm the one who
supplied your rap beat. You show me no familial love Dan. Yeah. Am I still your
favorite. Nope. I know more because I got your ass. You don't let me know more do
you. Okay. It's as a timing. It's hard. It's like a thing that you learn. It's
like it's like it's like with ice skating. It's like oh you have blades in
your feet and it's slippery out there. I've done both of these things and you
just go out and it's just like and it happens to us too primarily when
people are just like are the only people that get through are the people
sort of so blind drunk that they're just like and we welcome them all and we
want them all to come up on stage and stuff but then there's this Jerry
Springer effect and then I need I need to be a better ringmaster I need to like
crack the crack the whip like a ringmaster ringmaster Jeff was right
Jeff was right. He thinks he's the Brad Pitt in that movie. I'm one mustache away man. I'd be like thank you kindly oh hey there's two by four don't you think you
should just be hanging out I don't get it. Sure thing ringmaster. You know what I'm
gonna talk to a guy who's gonna talk to a guy I think I can get you signed with an
agency that get you out of this out of this southern area. I'm from Sweden I
don't know what's going on. I just produced the movie it was just like this
magical white man. Why am I why am I throwing Brad Pitt into the bus he
tried to do trying to do a good thing. I didn't hear it but I didn't I didn't
hear it. You don't have to be a dick about it. Alright well so what kind of
weird muppet show is happening in the back row right now. It could be like it
could be the French. I don't even understand the inside jokes of the
people that are mocking. He was doing a Boxed Wine. That's Boxed Wine, Franzi.
Our show brought to you by Franzi. That's where we loosen the
reins enough for the Hoy Ploy to ooze in and teach us that there's a reason why
some of us are elitist. Now we bring it back around. So lucky that
you guys do your show in the confines of a studio where you guys you don't have
to deal with everything. Oh yeah we hate people. Have you guys ever done when you
do when you do your live show do you ever how loose are the how loose is the
grip on people like chiming in and do you guys like you know what are your
feelings there what's your philosophy. People haven't chimed in at all actually
I don't know I mean like our hosts are nuts so they kind of just like occupy
the space and there really isn't a lot of room for people to get in there. We create
our own crazy. Yeah yeah it's our own particular brand. We just verified from
one of our producers Kevin the woman that I jokingly said I did not know this I
said she was drinking Boxed Wine apparently not only is that true she's
taking the bag out of the box and just drinking it out of the mylar bag like a fucking
she's doing it right. Like Daniel Boone like a bag. She's playing Danny Boy. I didn't know I was
right about Boxed Wine. I thought I was just I thought I was just being an asshole and
turns out I was morally safer. All right how do we how do we end the show how
do we end a show how does anyone ever end a show I've never learned. How about one
of your Andy Rooney moments where you just break it down. Kind of give me a
thing that I should decry. Boxed wine. Why is why is wine always coming in boxes. No
one knows who Andy Rooney is. Thank you thank you thank you son thank you. Do
your Rachel Maddow. Give us a Rachel Maddow Keith Oberman fucking like break down like
how do we feel about Keith Oberman does anybody because I feel like he's not as
popular as he should be like I love that he's like sitting in a basement just
like fucking calling out just going like holy shit. Does he does he does he hit
his wife or something like what why is it that everyone's not like Keith
Oberman is my jam. I'm never gonna forgive you for sports. I was that what
really he went he was a sportscaster for a little while. Yes so what like nerds
don't appreciate that shit but he defected he defected that's why I that's
part of why I that's not cool because I because I looked at his Wikipedia I was
expecting to see like oh he you know I don't know something that was like dirt
that dirtied him just enough that he's like just sitting alone going like didn't
he get fired from MSNBC. Yeah he got fired for some thing I forget what it was. But the
reason he got fired or he got suspended because he donated while he was working
on his thing he donated two thousand four hundred dollars to each of three
Democratic parties and then it was a technical infraction so he took a
suspension and then after the suspension they just didn't
negotiate his contract and nobody really knows this is all of Wikipedia that I
went there to going like I fully expected to hear that he like hit a kid
with his car okay so he's his major failure is that he's not an intelligent
lesbian I think that's really what he's lacking. What do you mean by that?
He's lost a Rachel Maddow. There can only be one. Right.
And Rachel Maddow is doing it. Her brand is strong.
She just does like awesome stand-up like her whole show she looks at the
camera and just does like like extended stand-up bits. I adore her I have room
in my life for both of them I'm not bragging when I say that I just didn't
see them as yeah well I have to watch one or the other like I and he looks like
Sam the Eagle so as I would think that I would think that he would have like a
hardcore demographic that would be like I'm I'm ashamed enough of my straight
white male like alpha whatever alpha beta-ness that that I want to I want to
be ashamed of it but at the same time he's just like this like he cuts that
silhouette so it's like you're you have permission to like him because he's going
like I don't know he's like I love Keith Oberman which is like he's like he's
like sitting in a basement somewhere like doing webisodes for GQ and he's like
the he's like again he just like does these webisodes and he's just like
fucking like just like this hyper verbose like hyperbolic like he's like the
sky is falling and he ends every podcast by going resist and he holds up like a
Spock sign and it's like peace and he's like and his Twitter avatar is him
wrapped in a flag like Daniel D Lewis and Gangs of New York and like it's like
he's like he's like lost his mind but in a good way because in a mad world only
the mad are sane like I just I just fucking want to marry him do you like
him he's he should do he should do a show with Sam the Eagle you know why
don't you like Keith Oberman I think he comes off as kind of a blowhard maybe
that's my guess I only trust him and you so when I got I got in the car and I
said what do you think of Keith Oberman you're like he's fine and I was like I'm
not gonna ask anything else because I didn't want my heart broken oh he's fine
because if you told me he was but I would be like now what do I do I want to
do can we talk about heartbreak I went and had Thai food across the street at
toy before the show with my girlfriend this is my fortune we've talked about
how fortune cookies look like drop the ball yeah you want to fucking be really
bummed out that's guys your fortune easy shit fat yeah pass this down today I
didn't read this out loud this is you there's two fortunes in a row that were
blank and that is existentially terrified that's actually that's badass this
was my fortune in my fortune are you fucking kidding this is my fortune in my
fortune cooking and I wanted to punch Confucius in the dick this is some
fucking CBS bullshit your fortune is as sweet as a cookie are you fucking
kidding me that made me real I was physically upset by that one that made
me physically upset that's just that's beyond lazy into like I thought that
maybe they changed it from fortunes into advice cookies because they're trying
to avoid litigation so they would just be like they used to say like duck or like
like you're gonna meet somebody today guaranteed and like maybe they like
pulled back which is people were like suing them or something and 70 in 72
hours you're gonna meet a foreigner with a knife yeah I swear that used to be
that way in the 70s it would be a yellow hat is gonna give you curious George
like that's slander I waited forever for this do we both default to a horrible
slack-jawed Valley girl when we like hate people I waited forever for that man
and a yellow hat but and then it'd be and then it just became like you'd open
your fortune cookie and it would be like it's better to be good than to be nice
or something like I don't care what you think about how to fucking run your
life I want to know what's gonna happen trying to beat the tapestry of fate you
fucking Chinese cookie I I broke the cookie I did my job you have to live up
to your end of the fucking deal first you fuck up fire drills then you fuck up
of the telephones
all right now it's not gonna be called reductis it's gonna be called mouth time
mouth time look for mouth time mouth time Beth Newell Sarah Papa Lardo am I
getting that right Brandon Johnson
Lucas the bearer of gifts Spencer Crittin in everyone I'm Jeff Davis
to come trolley your mayor of course is Dan Harmon thank you so much dry fast
take chances watch out for wine box lady
I
did you get any of that it's a good a show